he's accepted top lane for what it is
but he kind of wishes he was something
else what do you mean I carry you all
the time support difference you know
well it's the end of week four here
second day I'm joined right now by honey
with covers presented by Omni slash and
of course I've got my backpack at my
gear cuz I'm on my way out but hooni
before I left I wanted to talk to you a
little bit about top lane because so
many people right now are talking about
top lane
they say it's awful red it's trying to
figure out if top line is bad how do you
feel about the top lane matter right now
useless most most useless of the role
it's true yeah it is
it's just JC difference first of all
like meet your friends stop difference I
can be of anything and it's just better
ATK being like better between you know
there's always no matter that better top
win you know okay so licorice in an
interview with Avila said he doesn't
understand why people are complaining
about the top line but you agree you
agree that it's an issue yeah because
I'm best on later I know everything okay
so you're the best off later so you know
everything and you don't like it I mean
I like it because I trust my teammates
and now I'm doing wall but you okay
let's play this way are you happy with
where the top plain matter is right now
I mean it's just top lane top laner is
just like top laner it's just always it
used to be like that so I just except I
had to just agree about it and that's
why I was trying to be like a TK or
later yeah you play Lucien because you
wish you were an ad carry yeah that's
why I just stomped I mean he says he
wishes or he's accepted top lane for
what it is but he kind of wishes he was
something else what do you mean I carry
all the time support difference you know
better soft win so he said he said he
doesn't worry cuz he can't hit the team
can carry him of course of course I'm
good
did you know I saw I saw him at getting
boba yesterday I saw him getting boba
tea milk tea at Coco's you already had
and also like the patreon so at that
point yeah that's a long-term goal only
the Travis yeah it's in the description
okay we'll get back to you for Adrienne
okay cool so uh you okay so take me
through this
you don't like top lane but you have
accepted it so it's okay yeah I mean I
do like it okay it's just top lane okay
but I agree but about the top lane is
useless okay
I mean definitely like other roles like
hell like way more like useful because
I'll ask I was trying to talk to you so
I could walk away from the LCS and say
all right I've talked to who knee the
best top laner ever and now I know how
to feel about top lane but you're
confusing me because you say you like it
but it's useless how am I supposed to
feel I mean he's useless but I like it I
have to agree because that's the top
laner whatever and you know just like I
don't even though like there's like so
much about my skill difference gap but
you can't tell B us that but you can but
like if it's too much but it's like if
you start other Lane like if it's like
small if there's like like different cap
then you can abuse it but it feels like
top lane like it's pretty hard too busy
okay that's that's why I people I think
people said that top lane is like boring
like or like useless it doesn't seems
like useful I think that's why they
people they say that but still on the
bus so I don't care anywhere do you do
you wish top lane was different I mean
I'm trying to make it different you're
doing everything you can and it's just
on riot now I mean I'm not gonna flame
riot because they pay for me so okay
okay there we go we finally got to the
end of it now I understand the context
for the situation alright so you're not
gonna flame right that's fine you don't
need to flame right I mean riah just
make me a pro-gamer this is like created
really you know great greatest game ever
in eSports history so what can I do
do you think it's like we're asking
eSports history you're saying that
because right made you a pro gamer I
mean I could still be other pro gamer
because I'm just gonna be good at
everything like like you see my overall
skill like I'm really good at like pop
g2 just saying he's playing a lot of
Monster Hunter are you playing Monster
Hunter I never heard about that hunter
it's very popular in I ever hear about
it
I'm sorry about that no it's fine it's
fine maybe it has a different name in
Korea I don't know the all right let's
go let's get back it so you guys are
chuh Oh for the weekend this way yeah we
do
and you feelin pretty good
jet on the analyst desk was saying that
he looks at echo fox and he says you
guys are 7-1
and it's hard for him to feel like you
guys are a 7 1 team why because looks
Boris yeah he say like okay I don't
wanna say because he thinks you're worse
but he thinks that there are games that
you guys I'm paraphrasing he thinks
there are games that you guys win that
the other team is kind of like throwing
a little bit I mean we're at the ring
too so it's hard to say like just any
elseis is bad so so hard to say yeah
what what is it like for you cuz Korea
is very different this year too so what
is it like for you
competing in na LCS you say it's bad but
is it is that just the way League of
Legends is right now I guess I mean I
mean like you can actually see that like
both teams are stirring and it doesn't
like clean like I don't know it's just
hard to say but definitely like there's
like throwing there's like team there's
like the ring there's like be say if
there's like mistake that is your first
in family messy and they is I pretty
unpredictable do you think it'll get
better I mean we should as long as we
have to keep ruining yeah as long as we
have fuuny
League of Legends will get better it's a
fair statement do you think any LCS this
year is more competitive than when you
last played in it because right now
we've got nine teams that could all be
let me get into playoffs yeah so what
yeah do you think that's more
competitive it feels like it I think
just meta is pretty good that like
bottom team can actually be like top
team like that's what happening else
okay to write like pretty much like
there's a lot of reason that bottom team
is beating like top team sometimes like
before like top team were always beating
the bottom team that's what that's what
it used to be so I think for now is like
more competitive looks like and it's
like really fun to watch too speaking of
bottom team something else UK what do
you think of SKT
they're gonna come back they're doing it
they're making it okay so I'm gonna keep
happening I mean you know I believe it
so I hope they're coming amasai why do
you think they were losing you want me
to you want me to say they're a day loss
to me or what now won't you say whatever
you want well as soon as I asked that
question I kind of realized what was
gonna happen
I mean yeah I mean I knew that why did
you ask
yeah I don't know why I asked you that's
a very good point yeah all right
is there anything that you want to say
to any of your fans who knee I mean all
of it it's pre abuse but thanks for
support always I have been playing like
for years right now and then something
like some actually fans are really right
right nice to me like just sharing forum
like flattered
even though it was like first a bit like
as a pro gamer but still I'm in comeback
journey and they're really happy that
like there's just welcome back
na like who knee it's really nice to see
you here again like it's pretty good I
really like that feel it is pretty good
thank you so much to me for the
interview for everyone else you can
check out the rest of my coverage of all
things eSports right here on my youtube
channel I know I know you wanted the
awfully outro instead you're getting
this I'm sorry but I want to give a
shout out to Omni slash for supporting
this and for you subscribing to this
channel